Add documentation (#341)
BLAST-AI-ML/synapse: docs/source/deployment.md

# Deployment

Synapse is deployed with Docker images and NERSC services.

## Dashboard Image

From the repository root:

```bash
docker build --platform linux/amd64 --output type=image,oci-mediatypes=true -t synapse-gui -f dashboard.Dockerfile .
```

## ML Image

From the repository root:

```bash
docker build --platform linux/amd64 --output type=image,oci-mediatypes=true -t synapse-ml -f ml.Dockerfile .
```

## Publish Helper

```bash
python publish_container.py --gui --ml
```

## NERSC Assumptions

- Dashboard runs on Spin.

> - Training and simulations run on Perlmutter through SFAPI.

Author: ```suggestion
- Training and simulations run on Perlmutter through Superfacility API.
```
